fix: move metastore db credentials into a secret (#452)
stackabletech/hive-operator: CHANGELOG.md

- Added documentation/tutorial on using external database drivers ([#449]).

### Fixed

> - [BREAKING] Move the metastore DB credentials out fo the CRD into a secret ([#452]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [BREAKING] Move the metastore `user` and `password` DB credentials out of the CRD into a Secret containing the keys `username` and `password` ([#452]).
```
